# NTUTORR PBL RESOURCES
This repository was created to help undergraduate students in understanding data and statistics concepts. Additionally, postgraduate students who are embarking on their research journey and require a quick review of fundamental concepts in data and statistics will also find value in this resource.
1.	Student Survey Data: The workbook “StudentSurvey” contains the raw data collected from a cohort of 362 students who were surveyed on their first day of introductory statistics class at one university. All values are self-reported.
2.	Cleaned up Student Survey Data: The workbook “CleanedStudentSurvey” contains the cleaned-up data of the student survey after deleting records with missing values  at the university.
3.	Adult Brain and Head Size: The workbook “BrainHead” contains information on 237 individuals who were subject to postmortem examination at the Middlesex Hospital in London around the turn of the 20th century.
4.	Blood Pressure: The workbook “BloodPressure” contains blood pressure and other physical measurements of subjects under various experimental conditions. n = 172. 
5.	Sleep: The workbook “Sleep” contains data describing sleep habits, size, and other attributes of mammals. n = 62. 
6.	Nutrition Study: The workbook named “NutritionStudy” contains some nutritional data on 315 patients undergoing elective surgery.
7.	Health and Safety Authority (HSA) Incidents Data: The workbook “HSA-Incidents-2017-2021” contains an abridged overview of workplace incidents in Ireland from 2017 – 2021.
8.	Chest Diameter and Height: The workbook “BodyDimensions” contains some of the body dimension measurements of 507 individuals mostly in their twenties and thirties. All individuals exercise regularly and are considered physically active.
9.	Body Data: The workbook “BodyData” contains some of the body measurement data from 300 subjects.
10.	Students Grades: The workbook named “StudentsGrades” contains a raw fictional data that a lecturer used to calculate the grades in a particular statistics module. The lecturer teaches three sections of the class with approximately 35 students in each section, making a total of 105 students. All of the data in the grades file are totally fictional, so any findings exist only because the file was created like that for demonstrating a number of statistical procedures.
11.	Body Fat: The workbook “BodyFat” contains various body measurements of 252 males, including two estimates of the percentage of body fat for each man.
12.	WTP - TOC, Turb and Rain: The workbook  contains raw water turbidity and total organic carbon being continuously recorded at the raw water intake at the treatment plant with the purpose of providing an early warning to water treatment plant operators in case of deteriorating water quality. Additionally, it contains final water turbidity and total organic carbon recorded after all the treatment stages i.e. coagulation, flocculation, clarification and filtration. Furthermore, the day’s rainfall data as downloaded from the Met Eireann website is included.
13.	WTP - Two Locations, Flow, COD and BOD: The Workbook contains average daily measurements on the main inlet (influent) and outlet (effluent) wastewater characteristics in two locations in the same county. Randomly samples were taken from January to September of the year
14.	WTP - Two Locations, Flow, SS, TN and P: The Workbook contains average daily measurements on the main inlet (influent) and outlet (effluent) wastewater characteristics in two locations in the same county. Randomly samples were taken from January to September of the year
15.	WTP - UVT, Turb and Rain: The workbook contains daily average measurements of Ultraviolet Transmission (UVT) and Turbidity across 4 months (April, May, June and September) at the treatment plant with the purpose of evaluating all season conditions to WTP operators. Both turbidity and UVT can be used as indicators to determine whether a water source will form possibly harmful by-products or biological risks i.e. Trihalomethane (THM) formation from chlorine addition or pose a Cryptosporidium risk when UV disinfection is installed. Additionally, it contains the day’s rainfall data as downloaded from the Met Eireann website.
